It's not a movie
where does the sexy guycome
and my life will change forever.
You don't even know how to greet your fate.
Do you happen to have sugar at home?
Sorry!
Where do I get to the abdominal muscles?
- I have to get ready.
- Great.
- In front of you?
- Really?
I sent you to that house
to spyon him
but you came back with sugar.
Father. Jugal will direct
Shakespeare's play at the university.
Can I audition for your play?
If you want to know the truth about someone.
- what should you look at?
- On his shoes. - On his son.
What did you do.
that GM hired overnight?
Julia is the sun!
- No. thanks. We...
- We're giving you this role.
For the role of Juliet.
there is no one better in the entire university.
You can't someone
occupy only because.
- that you want to meet him.
- Really?
Subtitles 24.10.2022
Andrea1717
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Mr. Director. tell me one thing.
How can one have fun in this city?
I don't know how others
but my mother prepares
curd rice and tempers it.
- And I'm talking about it.
- Oh God! Dude. you are very funny.
Cats are definitely flying at you.
They like funny guys.
Everyone is still talking
about some Cloud Zest.
- Cloud Nest!
- Yes. Cloud Nest! That's what I meant.
What the hell is that?
Is this a bar?
Here we are in Colwynganj.
There are no bars here.
Just weird businesses.
Actually it is
the only coffee shop in town.
- So there are whole crowds.
- Really?
So what am I doing here?
I should be there too.
Of course.
Come.
Me?
Or you want to sit here
and have curd rice?
All right.
I think it will rain.
Let's hurry!
Hi...
- Hey!
- Hey! What's up mate?
- How are u?
- What's up. man?
- Why didn't you come to football practice?
- I could not.
- What has happened?
- A bit busy. - Dude...
Tell me. You consume protein supplements.
However?
No. bro.
- Only egg whites.
- Seriously?
- And push-ups!
- Villain!
Girls will fight over you.
But where are the cats?
Just wait until 21:00. This place
it's becoming sex center. dude.
- Really?
- All sexy chicks from the International School
here they come. bro.
Whore! What is it?
- Fruit beer.
- Fruit... to hell!
- Putting fruit in beer is so fucking...
- So hot. man! - Right.
- Have you lost your mind?
- Get real beer here.
it's really hard.
What is this place? I...
I can't stay like this
poor place. I will return to Delhi.
- I am here. I'll bring him.
- No Meher bro.
- She charges 500 rupees for one beer.
- Calm down guys. I am there.
Hey M... M! Hold on!
I need alcohol.
Beer or whiskey. anything will do.
Not possible!
Listen to me.
Credit it to my account.
Do you remember what happened last time
when I credited it to your account?
"M..."
“M. I think I'm going to die.
And I haven't even done it yet."
"Tell mom I love her.
Tell Ramya I hate her.”
Then you peed your pants
and you lay here all night.
M! Trying to understand me.
- This is the only chance
how to impress him. - Of course!
You leave a good impression
when you cough on him.
Can't you say something good?
Please M! Please! I will be in your debt.
- All right! Die!
- Yes!
It hurt?
- Dude. keep it...
- That's what I'm talking about.
Guys. the whiskey is on its way.
- Awesome!
- Very nice!
Great job dude!
"I want everything tonight!"
"All I know is"
- "that tomorrow may not come."
- Jugal...
Tell me one thing.
How was the date with Rosie?
Are you dating Rosie?
- No way!
- You didn't know about that.
So. you're just
friends with benefits?
- Did you have a date with her?
- Whore.
dude what have you done
that she kicked you out after one night?
The second meta is always a problem.
- You know everything so well.
- Guy! The boys! The boys! Time out!
Nothing happened to Rosie.
Because I have no feelings for her.
You will feel something
when you touch her you idiot.
First touch! And then you feel...
I'm not like you.
I can't do all this.
There should be something there.
Some spark. some magic.
- Some connection.
- Oh!
Damn romance.
You mean?
- He is...
- Oh God!
Some spark. some magic!
Jesus! Look at yourself.
I think I'm going to die for sure.
Romil has a university degree
testosterone level. Jugal.
If he and his friends
they find out you're gay
they beat you to a pulp.
Everyone suffers pain for love. Paro.
- Love?
- I guess I'm in love. Paro.
Don't you dare call me Paro!
Everything about love is bullshit.
Watch some porn. Throw it away
it out of your system and move on.
What kind of friend are you?
The kind that wants to see you alive.
So. ladies and gentlemen. let's begin
the first act. scene one.
- Where is Kirti?
- Who?
- Our Julia.
- Oh!
Oh. the one he chose?
- I have chicken pox.
- What? When?
- Right now.
- Hello everyone!
M...
- Why is he here?
- She is the new Julia.
- She came to the exam.
- Hey!
- How is my Romeo today?
- You look amazing.
Didn't I tell you?
Mrs! Definitely. Nice.
Dude. this is a great casting twist!
- Shit!
- Shit? Please!
Alright! Everyone. let's begin!
Well done my boy!
The assistant GM is here.
- Come here. Let's play a game.
- I don't play games.
I need anyway
check the monthly output numbers.
So please excuse me.
You can continue playing.
Are you afraid?
It's a simple game.
I'll teach you the rules.
I know the rules very well
and I always play according to them.
That's my biggest problem.
I just don't want the GM to lose
with his assistant.
and in front of the staff. So...
Now you will have to play. Subramaniam.
If you just leave
people will think
that you got scared.
- Cool!
- Sir. you should play a game.
If you say it like this.
then I'll have to play.
- Let's go.
- All right.
- Wait.
- Yes!
Yes!
To hell!
Oh!
- You're dead. bro.
- Shall we have a tie?
Excellent! Well done Subramaniam!
Excellent! Fantastic!
Every company should have
general assembly like you. What do you say?
Great! Excellent!
Excellent!
Not! Not! Do not delete it.
Everyone should know how to play sports...
- I mean. he's good at sports.
- What should I say. sir?
- We are grateful to you.
- Not! Not!
We are all on the same team!
No. Subramaniam?
- Yes.
- I feel sorry for your parents.
Actually. both sets of parents are amazing.
But you know what?
Be it DDLJ or QSQT.
parent outputs are
always my favorite part.
Yes. no one cares about nurses.
There was only one movie about sisters.
and she was a drug addict.
"Hare Rama Hare Krishna"
Nurses are only meant to
they tied the rakhis. And they still spoke.
So tell me.
While this was going on.
maybe you argued with each other a lot?
No never.
I was always the voice of reason.
Jugs. I never would have thought
that you will betray me.
You offered the role of Juliet to Rosie and not to me.
Do you go to school.
Why does it matter? You are the director.
You can cast anyone.
You are not worried about the future
your younger sister?
Since when is acting
your future?
- I'm not talking about acting. but about Romil!
- What?
You're arguing again!
At least take it easy when eating.
You know what. dad!
Jugal gave Rosie the role of Juliet.
What?
Mrs!
What a masterstroke dear.
Just wait and see!
Mr Kunwar will marry me one day
to a private lounge in the club.
- Great!
- Dad. you too! - Come on!
Julia is fine
but he who plays the part of Romeo is wretched.
Jugal. kick Romil out of the game.
The Kohlis not only consider themselves good.
but especially for the best
in Colwynganj.
- Aren't we going to talk about something else?
- About what else?
By the way I beat Mr. Kohli
in ping pong.
Sunita wants to take over mine
book club. Would you believe it?
Romil three times since morning
changed his WhatsApp DP.
Dude. dude! I need a favor.
Okay. listen.
Today I have it for two shifts.
So come to me when I wave.
All right?
- Two shifts?
- Yes.
- You mean another date!
- I can not...
- Oh. thanks mate!
And listen. write
me after 10 seconds a message.
- Even an empty message will do. All right?
- I can not...
Do not do it.
Do not do it! Are you his servant?
Moment. Whore.
- Hey. Jugal!
- Gay!
You won't believe what happened.
I just got a message
that my father is not well
and I will have to hurry.
- What happened to him?
- Please don't ask me. friend!
The poor guy is in the hospital.
I'm here on a date with her.
- No no...
- Radhika!
With Radhika!
It looks bad
when a pretty girl like
she has to drink coffee alone.
It's not like that?
So please keep her company for a while.
- Just until I come back!
- What!
Radhika see you later.
All right?
- I have to go. Radhika. - But...
- Thank you. thank you very much!
Hi!
He has one more date. right?
No no.
His father...
What is it called?
He's in a coma. right?
Maybe it's on the devices.
Maybe he's dead.
You are pathetic.
- Me?
- Do you think I'm an idiot?
You thought that when
he lost interest in me
can you get me easier?
- Of course not!
- My card reader told me
that I have to change the patterns of relationships.
It's all my fault!
I always like bad men.
Guys like Romil.
they only know how to break hearts.
I'm a fucking magnet!
Hey. calm down!
Romil is not that bad.
Why are you blaming yourself?
Look at yourself. you are perfect.
Everyone is happy to take you on a date.
Every?
Yes. anyone!
Jugal. you know you are
really very sensitive.
Why did I never notice you?
Oh damn!
This is a message from my father.
My mom is sick.
He is in hospital.
I have to go.
She is really sick.
You are ill!
All men are sick!
Everyone is sick!
Hey!
So?
Did you do something or are you
did he have Rosie syndrome again?
Rosie Syndrome?
Yes. you know...
"I have no feelings for her."
"I need something.
Some spark! Some magic!"
Oh! So this is how it works
in your world. Is that so?
Your appetizer is my main course.
So you think I'm a womanizer?
What do you care?
Of course it does.
You are my friend.
All right! Thanks!
In that case you are
100% womanizer.
And please listen!
I'm not praising you.
So don't be proud of yourself.
your problem is
that you think the world owes you something.
Your parents indulge your whims.
You're used to it
get everything you want!
That's why you're obsessed
by himself. vain.
And yes. you treat women like shit.
Oh. that's rough. man.
Calm down.
I am studying. don't disturb me
Okay. calm down!
And stop sulking like a girl!
Come on. everyone. Sit down!
Romil. Rosie. first position.
balcony scene. right now!
You inconsolably want me...
What is the line?
- Leave!
What can I do to comfort you tonight?
If for my promise
you promise me devotion
I promised that before you asked for it.
I wish I hadn't been so clever!
She did... She did... She did...
What is it!
There is no such word as "made".
- She did it!
- She did!
- She did! - She did it!
Listen. we all play scrabble.
There is no such word. okay?
It's done and done.
both words exist.
- Really?
- Go away!
As you want! Oh!
And what more did you want to get? What feeling?
For your promise of love
I wanted to get yours.
I promised that before you asked for it.
I wish I hadn't been so clever!
Do you want to take back the promise?
And why. my love?
Just so I can give it again.
Well. I'm actually asking
which I have anyway.
Just like the sea without borders
I am generous and bottomless in love.
The more I give you. the more
I get: there is no end to it.
From the bud of love
in the warm humid breeze
maybe a flower will come
until we meet again.
Well. good night!
Peace be to your heart!
May you feel what my chest feels!
It was!
Anyone want my autograph?
- You want to be Julia now!
- So amazing...
Mehul nice lighting bro!
Hell. sure.
It was good.
People!
A moment.
Jugs. Meher. come on.
Come. come here!
Selfie people! Let's go.
Keep smiling!
Kohli is a cheater!
Mr. Kunwar has been flattered for a week now.
that he gave him his farmhouse
- for his daughter's engagement party.
- Ramya. what is this?
Why are you so scantily clad?
Mom. it's a cocktail saree.
not kanjeevaram.
- Please...
- I just want you to...
Let it go. It looks good.
Competing with Miley Cyrus.
Who is Miley Cyrus?
"Your eyes deceive boys."
"You set many hearts aflutter."
"You walk in a seductive way."
"You use slang when you talk."
"You look beautiful when you're angry."
"You are as sweet as condensed milk."
"Your love makes me dance."
"Come on. dance to
Parquet. darling."
"Your love makes me dance."
"Come on. dance on the floor. darling."
"Honey. little heart..."
"My dance steps are famous everywhere."
"From Delhi to Canada."
"People are crazy about my moves!"
"I walk in a seductive way."
"I use slang when I talk."
"I look really beautiful.
when I'm angry."
"I'm sweet as
condensed milk."
"You look really beautiful.
when you are angry."
"You are as sweet as condensed milk."
All the girls here are so crazy.
Correction!
They are crazy about you.
And even my sister.
He's a kid. man.
Anyway. I'll introduce you to a few girls.
There are so many beautiful girls.
- Really!
- Yes.
It's not about me.
- Can I have a cigarette?
- Of course.
Take this one.
Not.
It's pretty windy. man.
Mrs!
Amazing view!
Yes.
Hey. listen.
There is an EDM concert in Mussoorie.
Very cool line-up of DJs.
You will go?
The more people
the easier it will be to participate.
Cool!
Anyway. I should get back there.
I'm coming. Come as soon as possible.
Three words. dear Romeo.
really good night
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org